Goal 5: Gender Equality and Women’s Empowerment
I am a Female. And Being a women I'm Personally working to Empower women to pursue career in Every field specially Technological Fields. By Studying Computer Engineering and working on this Practical Project I made myself an example  So, no-one can say that this field is tough for women to pursue as career.

Goal 7: Affordable & Clean Energy
We are not generating Energy but we are controlling the use of energy by making it possible to monitor the Power usage every second. We are using cloud platform to save the power consumption data of every single second of the Home using our Home Automation System So, User can monitor the power usage of every appliance and they can control it, resulting in affordable Bills.

Goal 8: Decent Work & Economic Growth
Future is bright for Automation and AI, and we are using both the technologies in our Project. The market demand for our Home Automation System is as much as anything. Resulting in Economical growth of the country by decent work.

Goal 9: Industry, Innovation, & Infrastructure
The Electronics industry is going to innovate by using Automation concepts. Each and every single task is automated and safety is ensured using AI and Machine Learning Technologies. 

Goal 11: Sustainable Cities
Whole city can be converted to automated System 
For example: Street lights, Water Pumps, CC TV Cameras etc. As it becomes to get darker the street lights are turned on automatically by using dark sensors and vice versa, Water motors are turned on and off as according to the water level of the water tank using sonar sensors.

Goal 15: Life on Land
Life of human beings will become much easier and safer by using home automation system.
As gas leakage and fire break is a threat for every one. So, in  our Project we are ensuring gas leakage alarm and turning off the main gas valve automatically  using gas sensor, relay, buzzer and solenoid valve. Secondly we are ensuring fire safety y installing fire extinguishers that sparkle co2 on fire sensing up to a threshold.
